Drop Mambaforge Python distribution, add warning regarding Anaconda (#12898)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/install/manual_install_python.rst

MNE-Python requires Python and several Python packages. MNE-Python
version |version| requires Python version |min_python_version| or higher.

We recommend using a ``conda``-based Python installation, such as
`Anaconda`_, `Miniconda`_, or `Miniforge`_. For new users we recommend
our pre-built :ref:`installers`, which use ``conda`` environments under the hood.

.. warning::

>    Anaconda, the company that develops the Anaconda and Miniconda Python
>    distributions, is now strictly enforcing its end-user license agreement.
>    This means that if you're found using the software in a commercial setting,
>    you may be required to purchase a license. If you're unsure about your
>    usage, we highly recommend using Miniforge or our installers instead. These
>    options, by default, avoid Anaconda packages and rely on community-created
>    packages from the `conda-forge`_ project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Anaconda Inc., the company that develops the Anaconda and Miniconda Python
   distributions,
   `changed their terms of service <https://www.anaconda.com/blog/update-on-anacondas-terms-of-service-for-academia-and-research>`__
   in March of 2024. If you're unsure about whether your usage situation requires a paid
   license, we recommend using Miniforge or our pre-built installer instead. These
   options, by default, install packages only from the community-maintained `conda-forge`_
   distribution channel, and avoid the distribution channels covered by Anaconda's terms
   of service.
```
